In the present moment,
we can experience happiness
whether we are alone or in
front of a crowd. We
can feel happiness by closing our eyes and
listening to the sounds
around us. We hear a
multitude of sounds. Then, we
open our eyes and look, but without
discrimination, just seeing each thing individually. After looking,
we begin to smell, breathing, and
distinguishing the scents around us.
We
recognize all those fragrances. This gives us a moment or
two of tranquility. Then we
feel the sensations in
our bodies. At that moment,
we
experience happiness in the present moment.
Happiness is enjoying
the tranquility within our own hearts.
Although our ears hear, our eyes
see, and our noses smell, we are
in a state of stillness, and all
worries and anxieties
disappear in that instant.  That
is happiness. Even when
we are suffering the most,
we put it aside. We practice this way,
and the moment of suffering will be
interrupted, making us
clearer-minded. We don't overthink or escalate the
suffering,
and those moments of silence give
rise to a desire for
silence. This desire for silence
allows us to
develop the thoughts to let
go of suffering. Therefore, we must learn to
feel happiness by living
in the present moment, and we will gain a
great capacity.
[Music]